c:\users\bwebster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeatherApp\WeatherApp\WeatherApp.Droid\bin\Debug\WeatherApp.Droid.dll
c:\users\bwebster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeatherApp\WeatherApp\WeatherApp.Droid\bin\Debug\WeatherApp.Droid.pdb
c:\users\bwebster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeatherApp\WeatherApp\WeatherApp.Droid\bin\Debug\WeatherApp.Droid.apk
c:\users\bwebster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeatherApp\WeatherApp\WeatherApp.Droid\bin\Debug\WeatherApp.Droid-Signed.apk
c:\users\bwebster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeatherApp\WeatherApp\WeatherApp.Droid\bin\Debug\WeatherApp.dll
c:\users\bwebster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeatherApp\WeatherApp\WeatherApp.Droid\bin\Debug\WeatherApp.pdb
c:\users\bwebster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeatherApp\WeatherApp\WeatherApp.Droid\obj\Debug\WeatherApp.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bwebster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeatherApp\WeatherApp\WeatherApp.Droid\obj\Debug\WeatherApp.Droid.dll
c:\users\bwebster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeatherApp\WeatherApp\WeatherApp.Droid\obj\Debug\WeatherApp.Droid.pdb
c:\users\bwebster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeatherApp\WeatherApp\WeatherApp.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\WeatherApp.Droid.apk
c:\users\bwebster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeatherApp\WeatherApp\WeatherApp.Droid\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\bwebster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeatherApp\WeatherApp\WeatherApp.Droid\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\bwebster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeatherApp\WeatherApp\WeatherApp.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\bwebster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeatherApp\WeatherApp\WeatherApp.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\icon.png
c:\users\bwebster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeatherApp\WeatherApp\WeatherApp.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\bwebster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeatherApp\WeatherApp\WeatherApp.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\bwebster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeatherApp\WeatherApp\WeatherApp.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\bwebster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeatherApp\WeatherApp\WeatherApp.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\bwebster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeatherApp\WeatherApp\WeatherApp.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\bwebster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeatherApp\WeatherApp\WeatherApp.Droid\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\bwebster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeatherApp\WeatherApp\WeatherApp.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\bwebster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeatherApp\WeatherApp\WeatherApp.Droid\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\bwebster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeatherApp\WeatherApp\WeatherApp.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\bwebster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeatherApp\WeatherApp\WeatherApp.Droid\bin\Debug\WeatherApp.Droid.dll.config
C:\Users\bwebster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeatherApp\WeatherApp\WeatherApp.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\bwebster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeatherApp\WeatherApp\WeatherApp.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\bwebster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeatherApp\WeatherApp\WeatherApp.Droid\obj\Debug\WeatherApp.Droid.dll.mdb
C:\Users\bwebster\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeatherApp\WeatherApp\WeatherApp.Droid\bin\Debug\WeatherApp.Droid.dll.mdb
